MIG-1507_ MTC 1.8.3 Release Notes (#73356)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.3 release notes

[id=technical-changes-1-8-3_{context}]
== Technical changes

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 has the following technical changes:

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. Before the release of {mtc-short} 1.8.3, only {oadp-short} 1.2 was supported.

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

.Restic backout does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup foes not does not work properly when the source worload is un-quiesced.

This issue has been resolved in MTC 1.8.3

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[Bug 2242064]

// {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release.

// As such, there are no resolved issues in this release.

[id="known-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Known issues

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) has the following known issues:

> Not currently possible to migrate associated scc for service account in OCP 4.12

Author: unchanged

> It is not possible to migrate associated security context constraints (SCCs) for service account in {OCP} (OCP) version 4.12. This issue is planned to be resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.4. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1454(MIG-1454).

Reviewer: Please check `common-attributes.adoc` for the attributes you should be using

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.3 release notes

[id=technical-changes-1-8-3_{context}]
== Technical changes

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 has the following technical changes:

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

> {mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[(MIG-1520)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to use {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[(MIG-1520)]
```

I don't know the "Docs rules", so if `use` isn't preferred, perhaps, `install` or whatever is more appropriate.

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

> .Flaw in Golang `protobuf` module causes `unmarshal` function to enter infinite loop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.CVE-2024-24786: Flaw in Golang `protobuf` module causes `unmarshal` function to enter infinite loop
```

Should this contain the CVE similar to how https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/73356/files#diff-80c32a3c6e6095803a6894e98c9f19a1c1ade2b9017a26f84837b149f092005eR29 is written below?

> In previous releases of {mtc-short}, a vulnerability was found in Golang's `protobuf` module, where the `unmarshal` function can enter an infinite loop when processing certain invalid inputs. This flaw could allow an attacker to provide carefully constructed invalid inputs, that cause the function to enter an infinite loop, resulting in a Denial of Service (DoS) condition or other unintended behaviors in the affected system. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Previously, a vulnerability was found in Golang's `protobuf` module, where the `unmarshal` function entered an infinite loop while processing certain invalid inputs. Consequently,  an attacker provided carefully constructed invalid inputs, which caused the function to enter an infinite loop. This resulted  in a Denial of Service (DoS) condition or other unintended behaviors in the affected system.
With this update, the `unmarshal` function works as expected.
```

.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

In previous releases of {mtc-short}, some files did not migrate when deploying an application with a route. The Restic backup did not function as expected when the quiesce option was unchecked for the source workload.

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3.

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[BZ#2242064].

.Migration controller fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero

`MigrationController` fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero. Updating {oadp-short} 1.3.0 to {oadp-short} 1.3.1 resolves this problem.
link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[BZ#2267018]

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3.

For a complete list of all resolved issues, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?filter=12432429[{mtc-short} 1.8.3 resolved issues] in Jira.

[id="known-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Known issues

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) has the following known issues:

.The associated SCC for service account cannot be migrated in ocp-name 4.12

> The associated Security Context Constraints (SCCs) for service account in {ocp-name} version 4.12 cannot be migrated. This issue is planned to be resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.4. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1454(MIG-1454).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The associated Security Context Constraints (SCCs) for service account in {ocp-name} version 4.12 cannot be migrated. This issue is planned to be resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.4. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1454[MIG-1454].
```
The link is broken.  Compared to other links in this PR, it seems it requires `[]` instead of `()`.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.3 release notes

[id=technical-changes-1-8-3_{context}]
== Technical changes

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 has the following technical changes:

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[(MIG-1520)]

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.CVE-2023-45857: Axios Cross-Site Request Forgery Vulnerability

In previous releases of {mtc-short}, a vulnerability was discovered in Axios 1.5.1 that inadvertently revealed the confidential `XSRF-TOKEN` stored in cookies by including it in the HTTP header `X-XSRF-TOKEN` for every request made to any host, allowing attackers to view sensitive information.

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-45857[CVE-2023-45857].
```

Author: Changed header and description text

> .Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Flaw in Golang `protobuf` module causes `unmarshal` function to enter infinite loop

In previous releases of {mtc-short},  a vulnerability was found in Golang's `protobuf` module, where the `unmarshal` function could enter an infinite loop when processing certain invalid inputs. This issue occured during the following situations:

* Unmarshaling into a message that includes a `google.protobuf.Any` 
* When the `UnmarshalOptions.DiscardUnknown` option is enabled. 

This flaw could have allowed an attacker to provide carefully constructed invalid inputs, that could cause the function to enter an infinite loop, resulting in a Denial of Service (DoS) condition or other unintended behaviors in the affected system. 

For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-24786[CVE-2024-24786].

.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced
```

Author: Entered in Resolved issues

> The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup does not function as expected when the source workload is unquiesced.

Reviewer: It is not just the HTML file, this was used in the Steps to Reproduce:
1. Create a new project
2. Deploy an application with a route in it
3. Create a migration plan with the queisce option unchecked at the end
4. Run the migration
So the title `.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced` does not match the description

Author: Changed text

> This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3.
```

Author: Added period

> For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[Bug 2242064]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[(BZ#2242064)]
```
Please ensure you follow the formatting on previous release notes

Author: Changed

> .Migration controller fails to install due to unsupported value error in Velero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Migration controller fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero
```

`MigrationController` fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero. Updating {oadp-short} 1.3.0 to {oadp-short} 1.3.1 resolves this problem.

> (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[*BZ#2267018*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[(BZ#2267018)])
```
Please ensure you follow the formatting on previous release notes

Author: Changed

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

> // Most MTC issues are in Bugzilla. Jira does not show any MTC issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Removed

> For a complete list of all resolved issues, see the list of link:https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?filter=12432429[{mtc-short} 1.8.3 resolved issues] in Jira.

Reviewer: Filter not visible

Author: Changed filter permissions

[id="known-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Known issues

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) has the following known issues:

> .Not currently possible to migrate associated scc for service account in {ocp-name} 4.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.The associated SCC for service account cannot be migrated in ocp-name 4.12
```

> It is not possible to migrate associated security context constraints (SCCs) for service account in {OCP} ({ocp-name}) version 4.12. This issue is planned to be resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.4. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1454(MIG-1454).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The associated Security Context Constraints (SCC) for service account in {ocp-name} version 4.12 cannot be migrated. This issue is planned to be resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.4. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1454(MIG-1454).
```

Author: Changed

.Vulnerability exposes confidential data stored in cookies

A flaw was found in Axios 1.5.1 that exposes a confidential session token. This flaw allows a remote hacker to bypass security measures and view sensitive data.

> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2023-45857[CVE-2023-45857].

Author: Moved to Resolved Issues

> .Flaw in Golang `protobuf` module causes `unmarshal` function to enter infinite loop
> 
> A flaw was found in Golang's `protobuf` module, where the `unmarshal` function can enter an infinite loop when processing certain invalid inputs. This issue occurs during the following situations:
> 
> * Unmarshaling into a message that includes a `google.protobuf.Any` 
> * When the `UnmarshalOptions.DiscardUnknown` option is enabled. 
> 
> This flaw allows an attacker to craft malicious input tailored to trigger the identified flaw in the `unmarshal` function. By providing carefully constructed invalid inputs, they could potentially cause the function to enter an infinite loop, resulting in a denial of service condition or other unintended behaviors in the affected system. 
> 
> For more information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/cve/CVE-2024-24786[CVE-2024-24786].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Bugzilla tickets moved to `Verified`. Moving to resolved issues, see [comment](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/73356/files#r1562562181).

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.3 release notes

[id=technical-changes-1-8-3_{context}]
== Technical changes

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 has the following technical changes:

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[(MIG-1520)]

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

> The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup does not does not work properly when the source workload is un-quiesced.

Reviewer: Read what you have written when you preview, not what you think you have written
```suggestion
The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup does not function as expected when the source workload is unquiesced.
```

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[Bug 2242064]

> .Migration controller fails to install due to Velero unsupported value error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Migration controller fails to install due to unsupported value error in Velero
```

Author: Corrected

`MigrationController` fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero. Updating {oadp-short} 1.3.0 to {oadp-short} 1.3.1 resolves this problem.
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[*BZ#2267018*])

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

> 

Reviewer: Where is the resolved issues filter?

> // {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release.

Reviewer: Delete this line

Author: Removed

> // As such, there are no resolved issues in this release.

Reviewer: Delete this line

Author: Removed

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-3_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.3 release notes

[id=technical-changes-1-8-3_{context}]
== Technical changes

{mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 has the following technical changes:

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

> {mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. Before the release of {mtc-short} 1.8.3, only {oadp-short} 1.2 was supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. Before the release of {mtc-short} 1.8.3, only {oadp-short} 1.2 was supported.
```
These sentences are not correct any way as they contradict each other.

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

> .Restic backout does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced
```

> The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup foes not does not work properly when the source worload is un-quiesced.

Reviewer: Typo

This issue has been resolved in MTC 1.8.3

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[Bug 2242064]

.Migration controller fails to install due to Velero unsupported value error

> `MigrationController` fails to install due to an usupported value error in Velero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MigrationController` fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero.
```

(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[*BZ#2267018*])

This issue has been resolved in MTC 1.8.3

.MTC 1.8 depends on installing OADP 1.3

> MTC 1.8 installtion is dependent on installing OADP 1.3. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[*MIG-1520*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MTC 1.8 installation is dependent on installing OADP 1.3. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[*MIG-1520*])
```

.Support added for {oadp-short} 1.3

{mtc-short} 1.8.3 adds support to {oadp-first} as a dependency of {mtc-short} 1.8.z. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[(MIG-1520)]

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-3_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issues:

.Restic backup does not work properly when the source workload is not quiesced

> The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup foes not does not work properly when the source workload is un-quiesced.

Reviewer: TYPO

> The HTML file is not migrated when migrating an application with a route. The Restic backup foes not does not work properly when the source workload is un-quiesced.

Reviewer: TYPO - unquiesce - https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/unquiesce

Author: Corrected

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2242064[Bug 2242064]

.Migration controller fails to install due to Velero unsupported value error

`MigrationController` fails to install due to an unsupported value error in Velero. Updating {oadp-short} 1.3.0 to {oadp-short} 1.3.1 resolves this problem.
(link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2267018[*BZ#2267018*])

This issue has been resolved in {mtc-short} 1.8.3

.{mtc-short} 1.8 depends on installing {oadp-short} 1.3

{mtc-short} 1.8 installation is dependent on installing {oadp-short} 1.3. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1520[*MIG-1520*])

> // {mtc-full} ({mtc-short}) 1.8.3 is a Container Grade Only (CGO) release.

Reviewer: delete this line

Reviewer: ^
|

* Unmarshaling into a message that includes a `google.protobuf.Any` 
* When the `UnmarshalOptions.DiscardUnknown` option is enabled. 

> This flaw allows an attacker to craft malicious input tailored to trigger the identified flaw in the unmarshal function. By providing carefully constructed invalid inputs, they could potentially cause the function to enter an infinite loop, resulting in a denial of service condition or other unintended behaviors in the affected system. 

Reviewer: Why in backticks in line 62 and not in line 67
